for code coverage we want all log-strings to be created and later discarded. (#13019)
arangodb/arangodb: CMakeLists.txt

## MAINTAINER MODE
################################################################################

> option(UNCONDITIONALLY_BUILD_LOG_MESSAGES
>   "whether log strings should be generated regardles of active loglevel"
>   OFF
>   )
> if (USE_LOG_MAINTAINER_MODE)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option(UNCONDITIONALLY_BUILD_LOG_MESSAGES
  "whether log strings should be generated regardless of active loglevel"
  OFF
  )
if (UNCONDITIONALLY_BUILD_LOG_MESSAGES)
```
